docs: clarify docling components (#10722)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/bundles-docling.mdx

### Docling Serve

> The **Docling Serve** component runs Docling as an API service, instead of as a local model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Docling Serve** component ingests documents and processes them with a Docling API service rather than a local model.
```
